 Languages that only check type compatibility at runtime are called dynami cally
 typed—JavaScript is an example of a dynamically typed language. Java is a statically
 typed language.
 
 INTERFACE
 A new reference type. Provides only API.
 An interface can provide default implementation to certain methods. THe is done
 with the default keyword. Classes can either overrided them or choose not to.
 All other methods are mandatory. Default methods are new in Java 8.
 
 Any instances of that class are members of both the type defined by the class and 
 the type defined by the interface. Objects that do not share the same class or superclass 
 may still be members of the same type by virtue of implementing the same interface.
 
interface Centered {
	void setCenter(double x, double y);
	double getCenterX();
	double getCenterY(); 
}	

* All are abstract and mandatory by default.
* All are public.
* No instance fields. Only static and final allowed.
* It cannot be instantiated so no constructors.
* Can contain nested types. The are implicitly public and static.
* In Java 8, an interface can contain static methods.
* An interface can extend multiple interfaces.
interface A extends B, C, D {}

A class that implements such an interface must implement the abstract methods defined directly 
by the interface, as well as all the abstract methods inher‐ ited from all the superinterfaces.
A class that doesn't implement all methods must be declared as Abstract.

DEFAULT/OPTIONAL METHODS
Added to help with providing backward compatability. Say, a new method has to be added to an
interface. Without default methods, we cannot provide backward compatability for this interface.

interface E {
	pubic default void sort(..) {
	}
}

MARKER INTERFACES
Empty interfaces. A class implementing this interface wihout having to implement any methods.
This is done to announce certain properties of the class.

A class implements the Serializable interface to tell ObjectOutputStream that its instances may 
safely be serialized. java.util.RandomAccess is another example.
if (a instanceof RandomAccess) { .. }






